* Indiecomputing Initiative Code of Ethics

Item 1 (Explanation of title). The official title of this document is
"Indiecomputing Initiative Code of Ethics". This is to follow the footsteps of
SQLite, which adopted "Instruments of Good Works" from The Rule of Saint
Benedict. The one who adopts this Code of Ethics may or may not share the same
opinion on how similar documents shall be written or enforced, but the author of
this document - the Root Node of Indiecomputing Initiative - is forever grateful
for the SQLite team to point out another way in the times of distrust and
discontent.

Item 2 (Status of the document). The Indiecomputing Initiative Code of Ethics is
completely independent; this means that it (1) has no relationship to any
pre-existing Code of Conduct or similar documents, other than the one explained
in Item 1; (2) has no relationship with the Indiecomputing Initiative
Constitution and Indiecomputing Initiative itself, other than the fact that the
author of this Code of Ethics is the Root Node of Indiecomputing Initiative.

Item 3 (Implication of adoption). The adoption of this Code of Ethics implies
that the project team promises that all conducts will be carried out according
to the items stated in this document.

Item 4 (Limits of implication of adoption). Despite certain items of this Code
of Ethics may be written in the spirit of the Indiecomputing Initiative
Constitution, the adoption of this Code of Ethics does NOT imply the adoption of
the Constitution and does NOT imply the declaration of the project joining the
Indiecomputing Initiative.

Item 5 (Allowed range of discussion). We kindly ask you to not talk about any
topics that is not related to the technology during the course of contributing,
unless it's to explain the reason of the breaking of previously-established
promises of contribution (e.g. not showing up to a meeting that you promised to
be present at).

Item 6 (Trust Principle). We promise to treat everyone in the same way with
absolute zero regard of their own status in any tech-unrelated aspect; we kindly
ask you to uphold the same promise during the course of contributing as well. If
you believe someone should be prohibited from contributing purely for any
non-tech reasons, you are not welcomed.

Item 7 (Effective range of this document). Any conduct that happens in
discussion spaces that are not specifically designated for the project by the
project team is not bound by this document; this include discussion spaces that
are designated for the project by anyone other than the project team
(e.g. common users).

Item 8 (Rule for change). The main text of this document is not to be modified
in any way. Any extra rules which the project team adopts for their own reasons
shall be written after the main text of this document in the form of
addendum. If any addendum appended to this text in this way is in conflict with
any of the items listed above, the addendum shall be considered invalid,
i.e. the first 8 Items are in effect and not to be disabled as long as this Code
of Ethics in effect.

2024.7.24
